explain autoinstallation with SP2 Installer Media using extra options (#879)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/autoinst-setup.adoc

Navigate to menu:Systems[Autoinstallation > Distributions] to find and create custom installation trees that may be used for automated installations.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Starting with {sle} 15 SP2 the structure of the Installer media has changed and requires extra options to be set.
> Please add in [guimenu]``Kernel Options`` the parameter ``useonlinerepo``. Also parameter ``insecure=1`` is required when no own GPG key is used and added to the Installer Media.
> 
> This is not required when the Full media is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are installing {sle}{nbsp}15{nbsp}SP2 or later using the unified installer, you need to set additional kernel options.
In the [guimenu]``Kernel Options`` field, add ``useonlinerepo``.
Additionally, if you are not using your own GPG key, add the ``insecure=1`` kernel parameter.

This is not required if you are performing an installation from the full DVD.
```
